Updated new economy link in glossary. (#105)
hyphacoop/handbook: glossary.md

- **Clip**: a percent-based portion deducted from billable project work to fund administrative costs and collective programs of the Co-operative. See: [Calculating Member Wages](https://handbook.hypha.coop/finance.html#calculating-member-wages)
- [**Labour Movement**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labour_movement): a social movement that consists of labour unions and political organizing or political parties representing the interests of workers. See: [History of Labour in Canada](https://canadianlabour.ca/uncategorized/why-unions-history-labour-canada/)
- **Member-worker**: a joint member and worker of a co-operative who has equal democratic control of its operation. See: [About Hypha Worker Co-operative](https://handbook.hypha.coop/co-operative.html#members-and-employees)

> - [**New economy**](https://neweconomy.net/solidarity-economy/#what-is-the-solidarity-economy): a vision for a just, sustainable, and democratic economy of cooperative, ethical, and community-rooted enterprises working within environmental limits.

Author: ```suggestion
- [**New economy**](http://web.archive.org/web/20200617175852/https://neweconomy.net/about/what-is-the-new-economy): a vision for a just, sustainable, and democratic economy of cooperative, ethical, and community-rooted enterprises working within environmental limits.
```
